Merge master with 1.10.0 (#220)
ESSS/alfasim-sdk: HISTORY.rst

0.12.0 (unreleased)
===================

* **Breaking Change**: Change in ``AnnulusDescription`` to support different types of annulus equipment. Now ``AnnulusDescription``` has an attribute ``AnnulusEquipmentDescription``, which holds a dict that can contain multiple different equipment types, for which the current available options are:

  - ``LeakEquipmentDescription``;
  - ``GasLiftValveEquipmentDescription``;

* Example on how to update previous .alfacase files with annulus equipment:

  - Before::

      annulus:
        gas_lift_valve_equipment:
          Gas Lift Valve (Well 1 > Annulus) 1:
            position:
              value: 100.0
              unit: m
            ...  # Other properties

  - After::

    annulus:
      equipment:
        gas_lift_valves:
          Gas Lift Valve (Well 1 > Annulus) 1:
            position:
              value: 100.0
              unit: m
            ...  # Other properties

> * Removed *forc e per square velocity* unit definition, it is present in the new barril version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed *force per square velocity* unit definition, it is present in the new barril version.
```
